Hello everyone is Iwata of Nintendo
Released for Nintendo 3ds in July this year
In the new Super Mario Bros 2
For the time being to deliver the winning course as an additional content additional course only for coin rush
I told you more, but the details were decided this time, so this little
We will introduce you directly to everyone
At first we decided to deliver 3 packs with each feature as the first installment
We have prepared a simple video that introduces the points of the three packs, so click here
Please give me
new We introduce the additional pack of Super Mario Bros. 2
Delivering as an additional pack is the first of the original coin rush course.
Prepared
We will introduce three packs with different features
Ah ah ah ah
55 Pack by Gold Mario is as its name
Power up to Gold Mario and earn lots of coins anyway
uh
me
3 million copies of the counter stop is aimed at the three courses in pursuit of feeling good to collect coins
we can
Ah ah ah
Defy it does coin multiple world do
Challenge a record a pack
But to win the coin in any route in a short time limit
The number of 3 schools pursuing the degree of introductory that record update can expect depending on
The official website shows ranking records of earned coins
Players from all over the world become rivals competing for records
Kubo am
I can clear it or I am thrilled with a one-shot game
One judgment mistake leads to immediate failure
35 numbers that set the difficulty level to the highest level
Please download only if you have confidence in your arms
ana
new Super Mario Bros. 2's Coin Rush selects 3 at random
It was a mode to challenge the course, but 3 packs to be delivered this time were fixed 3 each
It becomes a course
Because it is to brook also in the record to return land
From the title screen where internet connection is possible
Select each coin from the shop button at the bottom of the screen.
receive
me
At the time of purchase of Dragon Super Mario Bros 2
To the shop button to display the shop button does not appear
new You need to be notified of Super Mario Bros 2
Notifications will be soon if you are not playing Super Mario Bros. 2 for a while
May not reach
At that time, make sure that the communication settings to the time between start once software is turned on
please
Additional packs can be purchased with a pretend pretend card
Other ways to add balances directly with credit card payments and Nintendo prepaid numbers
For more information there is, including how to purchase, please visit the Nintendo home page
As you can see, you can enjoy different ways of using the characteristic course contents for each pack
I'm finished with the content
The New Super Mario Bros. 2 is actually played to produce this additional work.
Because we wanted to reflect as much as possible the customers of voice that has been
It will be allowed to the reference part, such as a play after the questionnaire of a Club Nintendo
While promoting production
I received various opinions in the questionnaire
It is difficult to do some action in the course or during which a large amount of coins come out as the desired course
As there was a voice such as a course that can be challenged and cleared many times, as a first bullet at first
Reflect these voices
We created a, three-pack
I would like to thank you to everyone who contributed to the questionnaire
The first is scheduled to start delivery for 200 yen each from October 2
To purchase additional packs as we introduced in the video
We will notify you of the new Super Mario Bros. 2
You'll need to receive you in advance
When this notification is received , a shop button is added within the coin rush mode.
You will be able to purchase from
In addition, it is scheduled to be able to start delivery of this notice by noon of October 2
In addition, we are promoting the production of additional courses as needed , and the second one at the end of October the third one at the end of November
We will deliver it sequentially
As soon as the content is decided
I will tell you on the official website etc.
Thank you in advance for this new Super Mario Bros. 2
I will
Thank you for watching today